# Regression Testing 10Sep2025

## Overview
- Development, including new features and bugfixes, will proceed using test data in the reference library (tests/reference).
- All pipeline scripts must be able to select reference files via CLI arguments (i.e., input files are not hardcoded, through can have default values for processing real data).
- Regression tests must compare generated files to reference files.

## Create a complete reference library for all generated files
- The pipeline generates files that are created with every run (e.g., BeAScout_Quality_Report_YYYYMMDD_HHMMSS.xslx), and uses input files that need to be generated only once (e.g., hne_council_zipcodes.json)
- Each file generated with test data (e.g., anonymized_key_three.json) or static data (e.g, hne_council_zipcodes.json) must be stored in tests/reference.

## Identify how every file is generated
- Identify all pipeline scripts (see OPERATIONAL_WORKFLOW.md).
- Identify all scripts that generate input files for the pipeline.
- Verify test/reference data can be specified as inputs to these script.
  - Command line arguments will likely need to be added to some scripts.

## Create master scripts for real data and test data
- Rather then rely upon the user to execute each pipeline scripts with correct arguments in the correct order, create one master script for real data and one master script for test data.
- Data generated by one individual script, whether with real data or test data, should be used as input for subsequent scripts in the pipeline.

## Create regression tests
- With the test/reference library completes, and the master scripts complete, regression tests can be created to verify every generated file.
- Once the full regression test suite is complete, we can later optimize execution following experience with the regression test suite.
