# Verification Tools

## Verify Data Sources

### Create a directory to contain reference data used for verifying parsing of all data sources

#### Scraped HTML unit data
1. Create tests/reference/units directory.
2. Create tests/reference/units/input directory
3. Copy current files in beascout/data/scraped/20250824_220843 to tests/reference/units/input directory.
   1. This is the test input data for scraped HTML unit data
4. Execute "sort -u data/debug/unit_identifier_debug_scraped_20250828_085755.log > tests/reference/units/unit_identifier_debug_scraped_reference_u.log" to save 
   1. This is the expected test results when verifying HNE units during parsing of scraped HTML unit data.
   2. Verify code changes by comparing the sorted unique unit_identifier_debug_<date>_<time>.log generated by the pipeline run to the unit_identifier_debug_scraped_reference_u.log reference file to identify any discrepancies.
5. Execute "sort -u data/debug/discarded_unit_identifier_debug_scraped_20250828_085755.log > tests/reference/units/discarded_unit_identifier_debug_scraped_reference_u.log" to save 
   1. This is the expected test results when verifying units discarded during parsing of scraped HTML unit data.
   2. Verify code changes by comparing the sorted unique discarded_unit_identifier_debug_<date>_<time>.log generated by the pipeline run to the discarded_unit_identifier_debug_scraped_reference_u.log reference file to identify any discrepancies.
6. @claude - Similar processing will occur for quality_debug_20250828_085755.log once quality parsing has been manually verified.
7. Create tests/reference/units/scripts to contain any scripts related to verifying parsing of scraped HTML unit data.

#### Key Three data
1. Create tests/reference/key_three directory.
1. Create tests/reference/key_three/input directory.
2. Copy data/input/HNE_key_three.xlsx into tests/reference/key_three/input directory.
   1. This is the test input data for the Key Three data
3. Copy data/input/HNE_key_three.json to tests/reference/key_three
   1. This is the expect results when parsing HNE_key_three.xlsx
4. Create tests/reference/key_three/scripts to contain any scripts related to verifying parsing of Key Three spreadsheet HTML unit data.

#### HNE Towns data
@claude is the NE_council_map.png parsed in the pipeline? I do not think so.
1. Create tests/reference/towns directory
2. Create tests/reference/towns/input directory
3. Copy data/input/HNE_council_map.png into tests/reference/towns/input directory

